3 tools for UI/UX design:

 - Sketch url: https://www.sketch.com/

Sketch is a vector graphics editor for macOS developed by the Dutch company Bohemian Coding. 
It was first released on 7 September 2010 and won an Apple Design Award in 2012.
It is primarily used for user interface and user experience design of websites and 
mobile apps and does not include print design features. Sketch has more recently added fea
tures for prototyping and colllaboration. Being only available for macOS, third party software and
handoff tools may be used to view Sketch designs on other platforms.
  
  - InVision url: https://www.invisionapp.com/

Invision is by far the most popular prototyping tool in the world. Their team is constantly adding 
new features to help designers prototype more efficiently.It has simplified every aspect of our 
workflow and collaboration between design and development. One can design better, faster, and more 
collaboratively with real-time, and it’s in-browser design collaboration and presentation tools. 

  - Adobe Experience Design url: https://www.adobe.com/in/products/xd.html#

With Adobe XD, you can draw, reuse, and remix vector and build artwork to create wireframes, 
screen layouts, interactive prototypes, and production-ready assets all in the same app. 
We can switch easily from design to prototype right within the app. Also, add interactions 
and transitions and share with teammates and stakeholders to test the look and feel of your design.

3 examples of bad UI/UX

1. Arngren url: http://arngren.net/
The site places the graphics, content, and links everywhere. All the elements together make 
the site a mess. A grid can make everything clean and organized on your website. It keeps all
your elements in their proper places and helps you to determine their size, the size, and space of the text, etc. 

2.Gatesnfences url: http://www.gatesnfences.com/
The biggest feature of navigation for a website is self-evident. When a user logs onto your website, 
he/she should understand what they can do next and what actions to take to reach their destination. 
The navigation must be eye-catching and should often be at the top of the page. Do not try to design navigation
 like this site. It only makes the user more confused.

3. Pacific Northwest X-Ray Inc url: http://www.pnwx.com/
This web design is like a mixed color palette, which contains plenty of conflicting colors and text colors,
and also mixed with the background color. All those make it difficult for users to read at all. Also, the 
navigation is quite complicated. A good web design should use color properly to create a beautiful and 
concise interface and atmosphere.

3 examples of good UI/UX 

1.Medium url: https://medium.com/
Medium, an online reading and publishing platform, is just as gorgeous as it is functional. 
With minimal use of color, generous line spacing, and a well chosen combination of typography, 
this website gets everything right. With Medium, content is king. Once a user is logged in, 
a box appears at the top of the article list with the text “Write here”, enabling and encouraging
everyone to get writing quickly. When users click on the “Write a Story” link, they are presented 
with an almost empty white page, removing clutter and simply providing a clean space to focus on writing.

2. Virgin America url: https://www.virgin.com/
When it comes to helping users complete the process of booking a flight, Virgin America was one of the first
– if not the first – to put the user’s interests front and centre. For most, booking a flight is a chore. 
Much like a dishwasher relieves us of having to scrub the dishes, Virgin America’s site stripped back their 
interface to draw attention to the most important question: “Where would you like to go?” By removing all the
surrounding content, the user could immediately start the booking process.

3. Airbnb url: https://www.airbnb.com/
The UI of Airbnb does two things very well: booking a place to stay, and creating trust between two complete strangers.
Airbnb, much like Virgin America, has prioritized making it easy to start booking a stay right from the home screen. 
Paired with its characteristic use of conversational copy, such as the “What can we help you find, Edward?” below, 
and helpful cue text, a user is simultaneously and courteously invited and directed to start planning their stay.